Is this really habitable?
My… goodness.
This man, Huo Jiu Ling,
how rich is he?
Sir, you're back.
Good sir.
Isn't this white flour a little too
excessive,
even…
I've arranged everything from
my previous hospitality.
Mr. Wei, everything is arranged.
Arranged what?
He brought me back to the old city,
Is he going to do something to me?
Huo Jiu Ling, I want to go home.
This is your Italian home.
But my personal belongings are still
in the apartment,
I want…
Miss Ji,
the sir instructed us in advance,
your personal belongings have already been
placed in the room.
My personal belongings…
So you sent someone
to break into my apartment.
You needed to pry open that flimsy door?
A single kick opened it.
I have some things to take care of,
you go to the room to take a shower first,
then wait for me in the room.